DOCS-8082 made edits (#254)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/building-https-proxy.adoc

> = Build HTTPS API Proxies

Reviewer: Nice work re. imperative and plural!

Author: Thanks! :-)

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> API Manager 2.x lets you use the secrets you stored in your secret group to build an HTTPS based API for your CloudHub or Hybrid deployments. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Manager 2.x enables you to use the secrets you stored in your secret group to build an HTTPS-based API for your CloudHub or hybrid deployments. +
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == Configuring your API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure Your API
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To configure your API:

Reviewer: No need to use this right after the title introduces it as the task covered; GLOBAL
```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . In API Manager, navigate to *Manage API* and *Manage API From Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In API Manager, navigate to *Manage API* > *Manage API From Exchange*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Configure your API Proxy asset. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure your API proxy asset. +
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Use the xref:api-manager::manage-exchange-api-task.adoc[Managing an API from Exchange] task if you need a complete reference on how to do this. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, see xref:api-manager::manage-exchange-api-task.adoc[Managing an API from Exchange]. +
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == Deploying the API Proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Deploy Your API Proxy
```

Reviewer: Are there any steps in this topic set? 
If not...:
```suggestion
== API Proxy Deployment
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> You can deploy an API proxy in CloudHub, Hybrid, or Standalone servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy your API proxy to CloudHub, hybrid, or standalone servers.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> === CloudHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Deployment to CloudHub
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
